
Step 1: Data Acquisition and Quality Control 
Step 2: Exploratory Network Analysis

Step 3: Attribute Analysis
1. Acquire Enron email network data with timestamps
2. Check data quality by examining time stamps for errors and checking data shape
3. Discard data with incorrect time stamps from the analysis
4. Segment data into yearly and monthly chunks
5. From the segmented data create networks without temporal aggregation from the yearly and monthly data
6. On these yearly and monthly networks derive centrality and network statistics
7. Use the centrality and assortativity statistics to establish a signal for the graph time series. 
8. Derive network visualisations using clustered indices sorted adjacency matrices, node link and waveform diagrams

9. Using the Hilbert to derive a complex trace derive attributes commonly used in seismic data analysis
10. Using the Fourier Transform to derive real frequency components to derive an audio signal derive Music Information Retrieval Attributes
11. Derive additional novel attributes and those from literature
12. For all the attributes above determine which graph matrix gives the best attributes by looking at the Normalised Laplacian, Modularity and Adjacency Matrix
13. Use Entropy and Signal to Noise Ratio in addition to comparison with the signal of the benchmark measures in Step 2 to determine the best attribute set
Step 4: Attribute Volume Derivation
Step 5: Attribute Voume  Analysis 

Step 6: Node Level Analysis
14. Aggregate by averaging the Normalised Laplacian attributes derive an attribute volume for the graph time series at the monthly and yearly level scaling to [-1,1] interval
15. From the monthly attribute volume explore aggregation measures such as the RMS, NRMS and Emergence
16. Add these aggregation measures to the attribute volume to derive a final attribute volume

17. Use the attribute volume to compare signal of derived attributes to benchmark measures noting anomalies
18. From the attribute volume derive Pearson correlation matrice, Correlation Network, Correlation Network degree Histograms 
19. Explore attribute similarity through additional techniques such as MDS and TSNE
20. Using the Average Degree as a predictive target perform Regression Analysis to derive feature ranking of attributes using a 50/50 train/test split

21. Use the yearly networks to identify common nodes
22. Use the centrality measures to explore the trends of these nodes over the course of the yearly timescales
23. Compare their behaviour to the yearly signal of the network in general noting correlations and anomalies.

